// new project template

{
    "id": 1,
    "size": "medium",
    "rnd": false,

    "title": "Tribute",
    "tag": "Robotics / AI",
    "coverImage": "/images/img-tribute-cover.jpg",

    "description": "Years in the future, when AI has outlived the human species, it will search for the remnants of its predecessors. In our project, we give ourselves, the last humans, the chance to create a fossil of our existence.",
    "challenge": "This project explores AI and the afterlife by designing a physical object that embodies a deceased entity’s personality. Using OpenAI’s API, we integrate a Large-Language-Object (LLO) to enable interaction through speech, motion, or sensors. The focus is on form, expression, and meaningful AI-driven responses.",

    "role": "Concept, Microcontroller Programming, Electronics, Product Design",
    "client": "ZHdK",
    "date": "October 24 – November 24",
    "contributors": "Nico Frey, Joel Staub, Lola Renner",

    "live": "https://www.google.com",

    "downloadTitle": "Github Repository",
    "downloadLink": "https://www.google.com",

    "image1": "/images/img-tribute-image-1.jpg",
    "image2": "/images/img-tribute-image-2.jpg",

    "imageGallery1": "/images/img-tribute-process-3.jpg",
    "imageGallery2": "/images/img-tribute-process-1.jpg",
    "imageGallery3": "/images/img-tribute-process-2.jpg",

    "fullscreenVideo": "/videos/vid-tribute.mov",

    "process": "The robot has an internal structure to mount all the electronics and sensors. I used a distance sensor to detect the paper, and to capture the drawing, we used a fisheye webcam and a neopixel ring to light the image. For the user interface, I implemented a mini display which guides the user. In addition to the display, I placed a button to capture the image physically and not just with image detection. Joel and I prototyped the robot's dimensions and look and feel. I helped Joel finish the product design. The button sends a signal to the application, which hands it over to the TouchDesigner to create the visual. Nico was in charge of the software programming and visual part. We worked together at every stage, but everyone had a focus in the execution phase.",
    "result": "Tribute is a device, that enables humans to create a digital fossil of themselves to eternalize their existence. All the fossils are collected in a rich cloud of memories that outlives the human species. Our device encourages the physical act of drawing something you want to be remembered for and scanning it to upload it to the shared memory of human existence. From our cynical perspective, it is highly possible that if we are able to create general artificial intelligence, it will likely outlive humanity. "
  },